1332871126
Application	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Conjugation	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/models/conjugation.rb	class Conjugation 
ConjugationTest	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/unit/conjugation_test.rb	class ConjugationTest 
ConjugationsController	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	class ConjugationsController 
ConjugationsControllerTest	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/functional/conjugations_controller_test.rb	class ConjugationsControllerTest 
ConjugationsHelper	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/helpers/conjugations_helper.rb	module ConjugationsHelper
ConjugationsHelperTest	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/unit/helpers/conjugations_helper_test.rb	class ConjugationsHelperTest 
CreateConjugations	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/db/migrate/20120327031657_create_conjugations.rb	class CreateConjugations 
Nousconjuguons03	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/config/application.rb	module Nousconjuguons03
TestCase	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/db/migrate/20120327031657_create_conjugations.rb	  def change
create	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def show
strip_and_downcase	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/models/conjugation.rb	  def strip_and_downcase
test_homepage	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/alexandre/Programming/Ruby/rails/nousconjuguons03/app/controllers/conjugations_controller.rb	  def update
